docs: update gov spec with proposal changes (#10594)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: x/gov/spec/02_state.md

# State

## Proposals

`Proposal` objects are used to tally votes and generally track the proposal's state.
They contain an array of arbitrary `sdk.Msg`'s which the governance module will attempt
to resolve and then execute if the proposal passes. `Proposal`'s are identified by a
unique id and contains a series of timestamps: `submit_time`, `deposit_end_time`,
`voting_start_time`, `voting_end_time` which track the lifecycle of a proposal

> +++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.0/proto/cosmos/gov/v1beta2/gov.proto#L55-L77

Reviewer: This is a 404. We might need to use a github commit hash instead of 0.40.0

Author: True. Thanks for pointing that out

A proposal will generally require more than just a set of messages to explain its
purpose but need some greater justification and allow a means for interested participants
to discuss and debate the proposal. In most cases, it is encouraged to have an off-chain
system that supports the on-chain governance process. To accommodate for this, a
proposal contains a special `metadata` field, an array of bytes, which can be used to
add context to the proposal. The `metadata` field allows custom use for networks, however,
it is expected that the field contain a URL or some form of CID using a system such as
[IPFS](https://docs.ipfs.io/concepts/content-addressing/). To support the case of

> interoperability across networks, the SDK recommends that the `metadata` resolves into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interoperability across networks, the SDK recommends that the `metadata` represents
```

imo "resolves into" sounds like the metadata bytes field is an URL to a JSON file

the following `JSON` template:

```json
{
  "title": "...",
  "description": "...",
  "forum": "...", // a link to the discussion platform (i.e. Discord)
  "other": "..." // any extra data that doesn't correspond to the other fields
}

> ```

Author: @aaronc let me know your thoughts on this part

This makes it far easier for clients to support multiple networks.

### Writing a module that uses governance

There are many aspects of a chain, or of the individual modules that you may want to
use governance to perform such as changing various parameters. This is very simple
to do. First, write out your message types and `MsgServer` implementation. Add an
`authority` field to the keeper which will be populated in the constructor with the
governance module account: `govKeeper.GetGovernanceAccount().GetAddress()`. Then for

> the methods in the `msg_server.go` perform a check on the message that the signer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the methods in the `msg_server.go`, perform a check on the message that the signer
```
